Fixed propagation of work wire(s) type (#2710)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

> * Fixed the `work_wire_type` argument of `qml.ctrl` was silently dropped inside `@qjit` function. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where the `work_wire_type` argument of `qml.ctrl` was silently dropped inside `@qjit` functions. 
```

Small grammar fix

  The parameter is now threaded through `catalyst.ctrl`, `CtrlCallable`, `HybridCtrl`, and

>   `ctrl_distribute`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `ctrl_distribute`, with the default value being `"borrowed"`.
```
